Add docs for detailed add new benchmark in vSwarm (#611)
vhive-serverless/vSwarm: docs/adding_new_benchmark.md

This is a detailed document of how to add a new benchmark in vSwarm.
# Add Standalone Benchmarks in vSwarm
## Python
### 1. Add protobuf
The first thing we need to do is to add protobuf in [vSwarm-proto](https://github.com/vhive-serverless/vSwarm-proto).

First, clone [vSwarm-proto](https://github.com/vhive-serverless/vSwarm-proto), operations below should be taken in your local `vSwarm-proto/` folder.

Add a new folder to `proto/` named by your benchmark `{bench}`, add file `{bench}.proto` to this `proto/{bench}/` folder, which should define the protobuf of your benchmark.

> In `{bench}.proto` file, always define your service as `Greeter` since this is the grpc service that will be invoked by the relay.

Reviewer: It does not have to be Greeter. I.e. most of the standalone benchmarks have custom protocols. (https://github.com/vhive-serverless/vSwarm-proto/blob/main/proto/aes/aes.proto). This is actualy the reason why we have the relay. Otherwise, the invoker can be used to invoke the function without the relay.

```suggestion
In `{bench}.proto` file, define the needed grpc service. Note that invoker and most of vHive work with the simple [HelloWorld](https://grpc.io/docs/what-is-grpc/introduction/) service. However, you can implement arbitrary services for your function as the relay, sitting in between the invoker and your function, can be used to make translations. Refer to [aes.proto](https://github.com/vhive-serverless/vSwarm-proto/blob/main/proto/aes/aes.proto) and the corresponding [translation](https://github.com/vhive-serverless/vSwarm-proto/blob/main/grpcclient/aes_client.go) as an example of a custom service. 
```

```
// The greeting service definition.
service Greeter {
  // Sends a greeting
  rpc SayHello (HelloRequest) returns (HelloReply) {}
}
```
After defining your HelloRequest and HelloReply, do the following to generate protobuf:
1. Repeat the steps in `vSwarm-proto/.github/.workflows/build-tests.yml` to install pipenv and protoc.
2. Add a line in  `go.mod` file's `replace` module:
```
github.com/vhive-serverless/vSwarm-proto/proto/{bench} => ./proto/{bench}
```
3. Run the following two commands to generate the protocbuf for your benchmark:
```
cd vSwarm-proto/proto/{bench}
pipenv install 
pipenv run python3 -m grpc_tools.protoc -I. --python_out=. --grpc_python_out=. ./proto/bert/*.proto
```
This generates protobuf files for python
```
protoc --go_out=. --go_opt=paths=source_relative --go-grpc_out=. --go-grpc_opt=paths=source_relative ./proto/bert/*.proto
```

> This generates protobuf files for go

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This generates protobuf files for go.

Alternatively, run `make proto-all` in the root of vSwarm-proto, which does both steps for all protocols automatically.
```
```

> Then, in `vSwarm-proto/grpcclient` foler, add a file named `{bench}_client.go`, this is the client that relay would return to the invoker. Please refer to other `*_client.go` on how to write this file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, in `vSwarm-proto/grpcclient` folder, add a file named `{bench}_client.go`. This is the client that the relay will select to invoke your function. Each client must implement [GrpcClient](https://github.com/vhive-serverless/vSwarm-proto/blob/70781f2339083f8c6d298ce0be13e7b7869c1409/grpcclient/grpcclient.go#L79) interface. 

`Init` and `Close` are used to set up and close the connection to the function. 
`GetGenerator` will must return an generator for creating new input values for your function.
`Request` is the actual invocation of the function.

Refer to other `*_client.go` clients for more details about how to implement those functions.
```
